README.md, before:

# The Enterprise Strikes Back - AI Edition

**[Jax Tech Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/jax-tech-meetup/events/311538088/) · January 29, 2026**

---

📽️ **[View Slides in Browser](https://philipsodonnell.github.io/jaxtechtalk20260129/)**

📧 **Contact:** [philip@eloquentanalytics.com](mailto:philip@eloquentanalytics.com)  
🔗 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/philipsodonnell](https://www.linkedin.com/in/philipsodonnell)

---

> **Looking for the interactive Claude skills?**  
> - [Enterprise AI Competitive Strategy Consultant](skills/enterprise-ai-competitive-strategy-consultant.md) — for enterprise executives defending against disruption  
> - [Startup AI Competitive Strategy Consultant](skills/startup-ai-competitive-strategy-consultant.md) — for founders finding market opportunities

## Main Point

Large incumbents face structural barriers—baseline measurement costs, incentive misalignment, and organizational inertia—that make AI-first transformation nearly impossible. This creates a massive opportunity for domain experts to found startups that serve markets incumbents cannot profitably address.

The same forces that made incumbents powerful now prevent them from going AI-first. This presentation explores the barriers enterprises face when adopting AI and the strategic playbooks for both startups and enterprises to navigate this new landscape.

## Viewing the Presentation

To view the presentation slides, start a local HTTP server in the `/docs` directory:

```bash
cd docs
python3 -m http.server 8080
```

Then open your browser and navigate to:

```
http://localhost:8080/index.html
```

Use arrow keys or click the navigation controls to move between slides.

## Repository Structure

- `/docs` - Presentation slides (HTML/Reveal.js) and PDF export
- `/skills` - Claude skills for interactive strategy consulting

Commit message:

Fix GitHub Pages URL and add to Viewing section

README.md, after:

# The Enterprise Strikes Back - AI Edition

**[Jax Tech Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/jax-tech-meetup/events/311538088/) · January 29, 2026**

---

📽️ **[View Slides in Browser](https://eloquentanalytics.github.io/jaxtechtalk20260129/)**

📧 **Contact:** [philip@eloquentanalytics.com](mailto:philip@eloquentanalytics.com)  
🔗 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/philipsodonnell](https://www.linkedin.com/in/philipsodonnell)

---

> **Looking for the interactive Claude skills?**  
> - [Enterprise AI Competitive Strategy Consultant](skills/enterprise-ai-competitive-strategy-consultant.md) — for enterprise executives defending against disruption  
> - [Startup AI Competitive Strategy Consultant](skills/startup-ai-competitive-strategy-consultant.md) — for founders finding market opportunities

## Main Point

Large incumbents face structural barriers—baseline measurement costs, incentive misalignment, and organizational inertia—that make AI-first transformation nearly impossible. This creates a massive opportunity for domain experts to found startups that serve markets incumbents cannot profitably address.

The same forces that made incumbents powerful now prevent them from going AI-first. This presentation explores the barriers enterprises face when adopting AI and the strategic playbooks for both startups and enterprises to navigate this new landscape.

## Viewing the Presentation

**Online:** [eloquentanalytics.github.io/jaxtechtalk20260129](https://eloquentanalytics.github.io/jaxtechtalk20260129/)

**Locally:** Start a local HTTP server in the `/docs` directory:

```bash
cd docs
python3 -m http.server 8080
```

Then open your browser and navigate to:

```
http://localhost:8080/index.html
```

Use arrow keys or click the navigation controls to move between slides.

## Repository Structure

- `/docs` - Presentation slides (HTML/Reveal.js) and PDF export
- `/skills` - Claude skills for interactive strategy consulting
